gh-135755: Document __future__.* and CO_* as proper Sphinx objects (#135980)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/veryhigh.rst

      :py:mod:`!ast` Python module, which exports these constants under
      the same names.

>    The "``Py_CF``" flags above can be combined with "``CO_FUTURE``" flags such

Author: ```suggestion
   The "``PyCF``" flags above can be combined with "``CO_FUTURE``" flags such
```
